---
icon: organization
label: Why Investing in EAAS’s world of green energy?
---

1. One of the main reasons is **Diversification** - the EAAS token will *deploy green energy use* across multiple grid operators so you can** always** have the protection you’re looking for.
2. Another reason for investment in EAAS is **Reinvestment** - EAAS will *automatically reinvest earnings* – which means a boost to energy producers. And then, *returns are optimized* by shortening the time between power users and producers so that newly commissioned projects earn returns. Taxes, that’s another reason to invest. **Tax Benefits** - working with capital gains tax instead of income tax for your investments.
3. We cannot forget about **Liquidity** - a portion of the *token will be allocated to a dollar-based* liquidity pool. What does that mean for you? *24/7 liquidity through a smart contract*. EAAS is a green energy tokens producer, focused on hardware box based on ERC20 that supports frictionless decentralized applications (dApp) integration and intuitive cross-chain swapping. EAAS tokens will feature seamless token generation and the ability to send, stake, and swap tokens. **EAAS guarantees** staking utility, which means, that coin stakers will earn *passive income* not only from everyday rewards, but also from weekly airdrops coming from multi-asset staking feature. Due to the decentralized model, stakers will also have an *influence on the crucial aspects* of platform development, i.e. yield, buyback or burn percentage.

Moreover, token holders will enjoy **decreasing inflation model** additionally boosted by burning, buyback mechanism, fueled by transaction fees. It’s time to invest in the smart way. No more cryptocurrencies without utility. It’s *time to give back* the green Energy to the users, producers, and investors. Previous TrustWallet as EAAS Token wallet Next 10 Security